As always let's start by seeing what we're actually going to build does this the application running
on my own iPhone.
So I'm just mirroring the screen again.
And as you can always see I implemented one major new feature into this recipe app.
We now have to authenticate in order to use it.
So by default we start a design in screen but as you can see I also got the side menu which allows me
to switch to sign up to create a new user.
Now it turns out I already have a user so I'm going to go back to the sign in screen and here I'm going
to enter my dummy testing data into this and also my password.
And with that enter I can hit seinen this will assign me a message told me and now I'm in the Recipe
Book.
This is the app as we saw it before.
Well I got this new extra message here that we get no recipes.
But there also is one additional feature if you look at the top right corner.
You see those free dots which let me open these pop out menu here or pop over menu or this and here
it can actually store and load my app data.
Now let's see if I already got a shopping list stored on the server.
I'll hit this wait a couple of seconds.
And here we go.
Looks like I've already saved some shopping lists data on a server.
Now let's see if we also already got some recipes there.
I'm going to load that and yes I got a schnitzel.
So does this data actually stored on a server and not on my mobile phone anymore.
Now if I delete the recipe here and I had a load again.
Well it obviously gets reloaded because again it's stored on the server.
Only if I delete it here and then it's safe.
I'm saving those changes.
And now if I load again I can't fetch it anymore because I saved by changes to the server and therefore
I deleted that there too.
And of course I can still also create some new recipe like the famous spaghetti I used all the time
which are also very tasty I guess where I might also add an ingredient like let's say spaghetti themselves
like this.
And now if I saved his new recipe and I hit save list well I can of course.
Whoops.
First delete that recipe and then it load again to fetch it again from the server.
So this is our awesome new functionality added to the application.
We can now use both authentication to prevent unauthorized access to this recipe book.
And then we can store our recipes on our own account kind of on the server.
Now for this application I'm going to use firebase which is very easy to use out of the box working
back end.
But of course you will be able to implement this logic with any back end of your choice.
I'd say let's dive into this and let's start working on this cool new feature